# Version 2 rearchitecture plan

## Step 1

- PeerEngine.sending_loop contains code that takes a PeerMessage and
  generates the bytes the raw_msg that is passed to send_message. This code
  should be moved into a to_bytes method on each PeerMessage type.
- The send_choke and send_unchoke methods should not be necessary, and their
  use can be replaced by send_message.
- a parse_message function should be created in peer_messages.py that does the
  opposite, i.e. takes bytes and outputs a PeerMessage. This can be called in
  PeerEngine.receiving_loop and messages sent to Engine via the channel can
  now by of type PeerMessage. Some new PeerMessage types will need to be created.
- Engine.handle_peer_message can be updated to use the new types.
- Create unit tests for the new functions and methods.

## Step 2

- Once the handshake is complete in PeerEngine.run, the code currently creates a
  PeerState and inserts it into Engine._peers directly. This should be changed
  so that PeerEngine creates the channels that are currently created when PeerState is initialized, and then sends a HandShakeComplete message over the channel to Engine with the PeerId and the sending channel.
- Engine should now handle the case where PeerId already exists in Engine._peers
  and send a message back to PeerEngine telling it to shutdown (probably by raising an Exception).
- If an exception is raised in PeerEngine.run, a PeerConnectionClosed message should
  be sent to Engine over the channel rather than interacting with Engine._peers directly.
- The call to send_bitfield in PeerEngine.sending_loop can be replaced by Engine
  sending a Bitfield message to the PeerEngine.
- If possible, remove PeerEngine's access to the Torrent and Engine objects and
  pass only what is necessary to the __init__ method. If this is not possible then
  explain why.


## Step 3

Replace the constants in config.py with a Config object. Create a default config
in config.py with the existing values, but also create functionality to load the
config from a TOML file. Add flags to all CLI commands allowing the user to supply
a path to the TOML file. The config should be loaded as the first step of the command, and then passed directly down the call chain to any place in the code
where it is needed.